Hi, my name is David. A Web Developer living in Germany. I originally come from Vancouver Island in West Canada, but decided to move abroad relatively early on in my career. The reasons for this are many, but the fundemental one being I wanted to challenge myself, both in the kind of culture I would be experiencing and the kind of career I would have.

I started creating this blog to brush up on some tooling while I was transitioning from my last job. My relatively early programming career (~5 Years) has had me across a variety of tech stacks (C#, Kotlin, Python, a little Go, Angular, React), so I like to work on little projects to get a bit of familiarity and muscle memory. Though I am not the biggest fan of the hustle attiude, if you want to spend your time learning new tools for new jobs you have to put a little extra in.

That being said now I want to get this live and really start iterating on my writing ability and use it as an excuse to collect my thoughts and put them down is a semi-structured format. Though I might occasionally talk about my work, I mostly want to talk about topics that are of interest to me.

Some that might come up include:

- **Journalling:** I hope to be able to better collect and formulate my ideas on a regular basis. I find it very easy to formulate an idea about something and letting it slip away with time, leading to never following up on the idea. By writing down my ideas I hope to improve what I want to spend my time working on.
- **Film:** before I switched into Computer Science I went to school for two years in Creative Writing. My dream back then was to be a Film Critic, but I decided against it for an option I saw as more practical and useful. Now that I have that skillset I want to get back to the things that bring me passion in the world, even if I am not directly involved in them.
- **Games:** I have been playing games since my early childhood and has always been my go to method of relaxation when I want to truly focus my mind. I think this medium is amazing and it is still only in its infancy. Though it's quickly becoming one of the most profitable media industries there is still so much space for development and improvement. I hope to be able to give my thoughts and the changes of the upcoming years happen.
- **Team Dynamics:** I have yet to work on a project where I would say I was pushing the boundaries of what's happening in the development world. I haven't contributed to any widely used open source projects, and I haven't started any successful side businesses. What I do have is a few years on development teams and observations about how their processes and interpersonal dynamics play out. I hope to reflect on this in a helpful way.

If you want to look at any more of what I have done or reach out to me, check out the links to my social accounts below. E-Mail is generally the easiest way to contact me.
